gee it sure is boring around here bye
boy this peace is what all true warriors
strive for I just wonder what this is
well I love love love this
oh I'm so glad you're here I've been
trapped in that bottle for so long you
must be the person who can help me since
you had the power to set me free please
come with me I need your help
a wicked genie is trying to take over my
homeland and is stolen my powers send
link we need to speak with the Queen
right away great I'll grab my stuff
come on follow me how about a kiss for
luck yes again link how about you oh I'm
so glad I'm going to fight just you must
be conquered with twice the curse foul
fiend begone
do you see anything yes oh my your
father has a king gamba I know but what
about link he's been in a terrible fight
was my dangerous spur see what I wonder
what happened to link oh he was a stop
talking horse
what happened
[Music]
link is about me